🎜 🎜 🎜 Ahh…\n
🎜 🎜 🎜 The name of this song is…
Uncle Sam Goddamn.
It's a show tune, …
but the show ain't been written for it yet.
We're gonna see if Tony Jerome and the band…
can maybe work this shit out for me, …
and straighten me out right quick.
I like it so far man.
Yeah.
Come on, let's go.
Welcome to the United Snakes:
land of the thief, home of the slave.
Grand imperial guard…
where the dollar is sacred and proud.
Let's do this shit for real, come on now.
Smoke and mirrors, stripes and stars…
stolen for the cross in the name of God.
Bloodshed, genocide, rape and fraud…
writ’ into the pages of the law. Good Lord.
The Cold Continent latch key child…
ran away one day and started acting foul.